# About Me

My name is [Nat Hawkins](doc/Hawkins.md). I am currently working as a Lead Data Scientist at [Kellanova](https://www.kellanova.com/us/en/home.html) where I lead projects in Commercial Analytics, Supply Chain and Procurement, and Revenue Growth Management. I work as part of the adminstration team that oversees our [Posit Enterprise Analytics Environment](https://posit.co/products/), helping to enable and democratize analytics across my organization. I am a hands-on-keyboard data scientist who enjoys algorithm design and implementation, data engineering, model development and optimization, moving analytic solutions into production, and all of the technical bits inbetween. I am a Michigan State University (Go Green!) graduate with a Master's Degree in [Computational Mathematics, Science, and Engineering](https://cmse.msu.edu/) and a Bachelor's of Science in [Physics](https://pa.msu.edu/) and [Computational Science](https://cmse.msu.edu/). 

My working style can best be described as "relentlessly stubborn" with a sprinkle of "passionately nerdy" and rocket-fueled by a "contrarian fire." In my days in university, I was known for being able to sit down at a table for hours on end, without breaks or reprieve, pursuing a derivation or problem solution until the bitter end. I would code into the late hours of the night trying to fix a meddlesome bug. I would forego sleep in favor of finishing projects not because I had to, but because I _had_ to. My wife always tells me that my greatest strength is not my sense of humor, but my ability to be miserable longer than anyone else around me. Leaving tasks unfinished, code unwritten, equations unsolved, etc. drives me nuts. My brain refuses to yield when victory is in view, even if that view is hours away. 

As part of a journey to reignite my passion for learning, I am setting my goal for 2024 to really expand in my technical capabilities. I will be setting up a blog and posting regularly there with projects I am working on, things I am thinking about, and content I am enjoying. As part of that, I hope to buff up my GitHub page a bit more. So stay tuned for more.

# Hobbies and Interests

In my personal life, I enjoy cooking and all things food, exercising, video games, and being outdoors. My wife and I are big fans of everything Gordon Ramsay, and I can honestly say I have seen every episode of every show he has ever made. My favorite thing to cook is steak, with a particular preference for a mid-rare ribeye. I have always enjoyed physical healthg and physical fitness. In particular, I enjoy weightlifting, yoga, calisthenics, and more recently hiking. Hiking is an amazing way to get out in nature and enjoy the beauty of the world around us, and it can be a killer workout. As for video games, you'll never see me dominating a lobby in Apex, but you will definitely find me relaxing on Old School RuneScape or playing the latest whacky, single-dev indie game on Steam with my friends.
